[docs] New doc on integration with Ambassador Proxy (#5497)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/platform/k8s/ambassador.html.md

        ---
        apiVersion: ambassador/v1
        kind:  Mapping
        name:  static-service_mapping
        prefix: /echo/
        tls: ambassador-consul
        service: https://static-server:443
spec:
    type: NodePort
    selector:
    app: http-echo
    ports:
    - port: 443
    name: https-echo
    targetPort: 20000            
```

Once Ambassador finishes deploying, you should have a new `LoadBalancer` service
with a public-facing IP address. Connecting to the HTTP port on this address
should display the output from the static service.

```bash
kubectl describe service ambassador

```

## Enabling end-to-end TLS

The Ambassador service definition provided in their documentation currently does not
serve pages over HTTPS. To enable HTTPS for full end-to-end encryption, follow
these steps.

First, upload your public SSL certificate and private key as a Kubernetes secret. 

```bash
kubectl create secret tls ambassador-certs --cert=fullchain.pem --key=privkey.pem
```

Download a copy of the [ambassador-service.yaml] file from Ambassador. Replace
the `metadata` section with one that includes an Ambassador TLS configuration block,

> using the secret name you created in step 1. Then add an entry for port 443 to the 

Reviewer: I didn't know which `step 1` you were referring to here on the first read. I think i was looking for a `1)` rather than `First` so I didn't intuitively connect the dots. I think either adding a numerical list or just saying `previous step` would make this more clear.

Author: Good suggestion. Pushed 984757db2d19a82aae5809e8b7de202320f6721c to correct.

    kind: Module
    name: tls
    config:
    server:
        enabled: True
        secret: ambassador-certs
spec:
    type: LoadBalancer
    externalTrafficPolicy: Local
    ports:
    - port: 80
        targetPort: http
        protocol: TCP
        name: http
    - port: 443
        targetPort: https
        protocol: TCP
        name: https   
    selector:
    service: ambassador
```

Update the service definition by applying it with `kubectl`:

```bash
kubectl apply -f ambassador-service.yaml
```

You should now be able to test the SSL connection from your browser.

## Troubleshooting

When Ambassador is unable to establish an authenticated connection to the Connect proxy servers, browser connections will display this message:

        upstream connect error or disconnect/reset before headers

This error can have a number of different causes. Here are some things to check and troubleshooting steps you can take.

### Check intentions between Ambassador and your upstream service

If you followed the above installation guide, Consul should have registered a service called "ambassador". Make sure you create an intention to allow it to connect to your own services.

> To check whether Ambassador is allowed to connect, use the `intention check` subcommand.

Reviewer: Maybe linking the intention check command here (https://www.consul.io/docs/commands/intention/check.html) would be useful in case I needed any of the options.

Author: Fixed by 9b281e09740ecf99f67f73bf270c4d37468bb909

---
layout: "docs"
page_title: "Ambassador Integration - Kubernetes"
sidebar_current: "docs-platform-k8s-ambassador"
description: |-
    Ambassador is a Kubernetes-native API gateway and ingress controller that 
    integrates well with Consul Connect.
---

# Ambassador Integration with Consul Connect

> Besides enabling Kubernetes services to discover and securely connect to each other,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to enabling Kubernetes services to discover and securely connect to each other,
```

> Connect also can help route traffic into the cluster from outside, when paired with 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Connect also can help route traffic into a Kubernetes cluster from outside, when paired with 
```

an [ingress controller] like DataWire's Ambassador.
 
[Ambassador] is a popular Kubernetes-native service that acts as an ingress controller
or API gateway. It supports an optional integration with Consul that allows it to
route incoming traffic to the [proxies] for your Connect-enabled services. 

> This means you can have **end-to-end encryption** from the browser, to Ambassador,

Reviewer 2: This is great! I love including the upshot in the docs; I'm going to start trying to include sentences like this one from now on.

Author: 👍

to your Kubernetes services. 

## Installation 

> First, install Consul and enable Connect on the agents inside the cluster. Decide

Reviewer 2: "install consul" and "enable connect" should link out to relevant docs/guides

Author: Fixed with 9d2a65bda0c87f988c71ed09f0ccc8b7b11b51c3.

> First, install Consul and enable Connect on the agents inside the cluster. Decide

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before you start, install Consul and enable Connect on the agents inside the cluster. Decide
```

whether you will enable [service sync] or manually register your services with
Consul.

Once you have tested and verified that everything is working, you can proceed with
the Ambassador installation. Full instructions are available on the [Ambassador
site][install], but a summary of the steps is as follows:

> If you are deploying to GKE, create a `RoleBinding` to grant you cluster admin

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are deploying to GKE, create a `RoleBinding` to grant your cluster admin
```

Reviewer 2: "Cluster" is also a pretty overloaded term for us, so you might say which cluster is getting admin rights to what.

Author: I think it's clear to Kubernetes users in this context, since `RoleBinding` is a k8s concept and not a Consul concept. Also, it is actually "grant you rights" and not "grant your rights". The rights are being granted to the logged-in user, i.e. you.

```bash
kubectl create secret tls ambassador-certs --cert=fullchain.pem --key=privkey.pem
```

Download a copy of the [ambassador-service.yaml] file from Ambassador. Replace
the `metadata` section with one that includes an Ambassador TLS configuration block,
using the secret name you created in the previous step. Then add an entry for port 443
to the `LoadBalancer` spec. Here is a complete example:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
name: ambassador
annotations: 
    getambassador.io/config: |
    ---
    apiVersion: ambassador/v1
    kind: Module
    name: tls
    config:
    server:
        enabled: True
        secret: ambassador-certs
spec:
    type: LoadBalancer
    externalTrafficPolicy: Local
    ports:
    - port: 80
        targetPort: http
        protocol: TCP
        name: http
    - port: 443
        targetPort: https
        protocol: TCP
        name: https   
    selector:
    service: ambassador
```

Update the service definition by applying it with `kubectl`:

```bash
kubectl apply -f ambassador-service.yaml
```

You should now be able to test the SSL connection from your browser.

> ## Troubleshooting

Reviewer 2: This is great too! Love the attention to helping people when they run into common issues!

Author: :+1:
